INT-1828: Docs about filter & release strategy (#3564)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/aggregator.adoc

----
====

> NOTE: If the filter endpoint is involved in the flow upstream of an aggregator, the sequence size release strategy (fixed or based on the `sequenceSize` header) is not going to server its purpose because some messages from a sequence may be discarded by the filter.
> In this case it is recommended to choose other `ReleaseStrategy` or use compensation messages sent from a discard sub-flow carrying some information in their content to be skipped in a custom complete group function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If the filter endpoint is involved in the flow upstream of an aggregator, the sequence size release strategy (fixed or based on the `sequenceSize` header) is not going to serve its purpose because some messages from a sequence may be discarded by the filter.
In this case it is recommended to choose another `ReleaseStrategy`, or use compensation messages sent from a discard sub-flow carrying some information in their content to be skipped in a custom complete group function.
```
